and introduction to 2nd Thessalonians.
The Apostle Paul was inspired to write this weighty letter in Corinth about 51CE shortly
after he wrote his first letter to the Thessalonians.
In his first letter, Paul encouraged the brothers to live quietly, to mine their own business,
and to work hard to care for their physical needs.
This council was still appropriate.
Evidently, some were still meddling in the affairs of others, and were reluctant to work
to provide for their material needs.
Also, the congregation may have received letters or messages that appeared to be from
the Apostle Paul or other responsible brothers, saying that the day of Jehovah is here.
The 2nd letter to the Thessalonians has three chapters.
In chapter 1, Paul commends the brothers for their faith and endurance, and he explains
that those suffering tribulation will get relief when the glorified Christ comes in kingdom
power to destroy God's enemies.
In chapter 2, Paul's letter explains that certain things must happen before Jehovah's
Day arrives.
Those things include the development of a great apostasy and the revealing of the man of
lawlessness, a composite group of apostate religious leaders.
This symbolic man would exalt himself over the congregations.
Did you know?
Because a letter falsely attributed to Paul may have been circulating, he wrote,
here is my greeting, Paul's, in my own hand, which is a sign in every letter, this is
the way I write.
In chapter 3, Paul counsels the congregation to Mark and stops socializing with any members
who are still walking disorderly, perhaps because of their being unwilling to work.
Yet the congregation should not consider these ones enemies, but should instead admonish
them as brothers.
The goal is to move them to repentance.
As you read 2 Thessalonians, note how Satan can use proud wicked men to corrupt the pure
teachings of Christ.
How we are wise to stop socializing with disorderly ones while admonishing them as brothers,
and how we need to endure tribulation as we patiently await kingdom rule.